Add openHPC, sentry-go, sentry-javascript and sentry-python files (#224)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/openHPC.md

---
name: OpenHPC
category: HPC

> description: OpenHPC offers a suite of precompiled software components common in High Performance Computing (HPC) environments. These include  resource management systems, provisioning utilities, I/O libraries, development tools, and numerous scientific libraries. OpenHPC is based on CentOS (Red Hat) instead of Debian.

Author: ```suggestion
description: OpenHPC offers a suite of precompiled software components common in High Performance Computing (HPC) environments. These include resource management systems, provisioning utilities, I/O libraries, development tools, and numerous scientific libraries. OpenHPC is based on CentOS (Red Hat) instead of Debian.
```

download_url: https://github.com/openhpc/ohpc/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v1.2
    release_date: 2016/11/12

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://openhpc.community/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content: https://developer.arm.com/documentation/102841/0100/Get-started-with-the-OpenHPC-software-stack
        partner_content: https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2017/06/13/running-hpc-workloads-across-multiple-architectures-with-red-hat-enterprise-linux

>         official_docs: https://openhpc.community/downloads/

Author: Better use this: https://github.com/openhpc/ohpc/wiki

    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum: https://github.com/openhpc/ohpc/releases/tag/v1.2.GA
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: OpenHPC only supported on CentOS(Red Hat) insted of Debian. Kindly refer [here](https://lists.openhpc.community/g/users/message/1871).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: OpenHPC is only supported on CentOS (Red Hat), instead of Debian. Kindly refer [here](https://lists.openhpc.community/g/users/message/1871).
```
